Update available testnets after Ethereum merge (#332)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-docs: components/learn/modules/ROOT/pages/connecting-to-public-test-networks.adoc

> There are four test networks available for you to choose, each with their own characteristics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two test networks available for you to choose, each with their own characteristics:
```

[horizontal]

> Sepolia:: A proof-of-stake network. This means miners validators explicitly stake capital in the form of ETH into a smart contract, and acts as collateral to be destroyed of validator missbehaves. (id=11155111)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sepolia:: A proof-of-stake network. This means validators explicitly stake capital in the form of ETH into a smart contract, which acts as collateral to be destroyed upon misbehavior. (id=11155111)
```

     development: {
      ...
     },
+    goerli: {
+      provider: () => new HDWalletProvider(
+        mnemonic, `https://eth-goerli.alchemyapi.io/v2/${alchemyApiKey}`,
+      ),

> +      network_id: 4,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+      network_id: 5,
```

We may need to change this somewhere else in this guide, I haven't checked.
